1. MongoDB
There are two types of data, structured and unstructured data. Structured data are stored in tabular format, whereas unstructured data is not. To manage huge set of unstructured data, NoSql database came to place.
MongoDB is opensource NoSQL database (Document database). It works on concept of Collection and Documents.

2. How data stored in MongoDB ?
	MongoDB stores data in BSON document (Binary JSON). These documents are stored in JSON format.

3. Document 
A document in MongoDB is a ordered set of key associated with values. Documents are represented as Object.

4. Collection
A collection in MongoDB is group of documents. A number of documents together is a collection.

5. Database 
A database in MongoDB is group of collection. A number of collections together is a database.

6. Mongo Shell.
	Mongo Shell is JavaScript shell, that allows us to interacts with MongoDB instances from command line.

7. Features of MongoDB
	Indexing
	Aggregation
	Sharding
	File storage

8. Datatypes in MongoDB
	Null
	Boolean
	Number
	String
	Array
	Object id
	Regular Expression

9. Indexing
	Indexing helps us to extract particular data at particular place of the document. It makes query processing more efficient.

10. Types of Indexing
	Single field index
	Compound index
	Multikey index
	Geospatial index
	Text index
	Hashed index

11. Geospatial Indexing  
	It is technique used in database to store and retrieve data based on the geographic location.

12. Replication
	Replication is the process of synchronizing data across multiple servers.

13. Sharding
	Sharding is a method of storing large number of data  records across multiple machines.

14. Aggregation
	Aggregation is the process of processing the data in the documents by means of multiple stages.

15. Set Modifier
	“$set” modifier sets value, if the value of the field does not exists.

16. Embedded MongoDB document
	Embedded or Nested document is anormal document that is nested inside another document within MongoDB.

17. How to achieve Primary key – Foreign key relationship in MongoDB ?
	By embedding one document inside another. For Eg :- A Department document have its Employee documents.

18. When should we embed one document with another ?
	Relationship between entities
	One-to-many relationship
	Performance reasons

19. MongoClient
	It is a class that allows for making Connections to a MongoDB.

20. Pymongo
	Python distribution containing tools for working with MongoDB

21. Difference b/w SQL and MongoDB

            	SQL	                                  MongoDB
	Relational Database	                 Non-Relational Database
	SQL Query Language	                 JSON Query Language
	Stores data in separate tables	         Stores data in flexible documents
	Does not perform Agile Practice 	 Performs Agile Practice

22. CRUD OPERATION 

	Insert – insert_one(),      insert_many()
	Find – find_one(), find()
		Query – find(myquery)
		Sort – find().sort()
		Limit – find().limit()
	Delete – delete_one(), delete_many(), delete_many({})
	Query–delete_one(myquery), delete_many(myquery)
	Update – update_one(), update_many()
